Update 11.0.0.md to better specify what startup time means with respect to v8 snapshot improvements (#4856)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/11.0.0.md

in our [blog](https://on.cypress.io/cypress-11-release) post.

We have also massively improved our startup performance by shipping a snapshot
of our binary instead of the source files. The performance boost applies to the time

> it takes from running a cypress command to when then Cypress app is opened. Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it takes from running a cypress command (i.e. `cypress open`, `cypress run`) to when the Cypress app is opened. Results
```
